Support remote installation of modules in private registries (#688)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/technical-reference/api/kyma-cr.md

While `CreateAndDelete` will cause the ModuleTemplate's **.spec.data** to be created and deleted to initialize a module with preconfigured defaults, `Ignore` can be used to only initialize the operator without initializing any default data.
This allows users to be fully flexible in regard to when and how to initialize their module.

### **.spec.modules[].remoteModuleTemplateRef**

> The `remoteModuleTemplateRef` flag allows the users to have their ModuleTemplate fetched from the SKR cluster instead of the control-plane. It should be the reference (FQDN,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `remoteModuleTemplateRef` flag allows the users to have their ModuleTemplate CR fetched from the SKR cluster instead of Kyma Control Plane (KCP). It should be the reference (FQDN,
```

> Namespace/Name, or module name label) to the ModuleTemplate. If not specified, the ModuleTemplate is fetched from the KCP cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespace/Name, or module name label) in the ModuleTemplate CR. If not specified, the ModuleTemplate CR is fetched from the KCP cluster.
```
